MTM-55525 Add RN for update lastUpdated of group (#2460)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-10-20-559-0-update-lastUpdated-of-group-on-device-registration.md

---

> date: 2024-09-12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 
```

> title: Update "lastUpdated" fragment of a group when device is added upon registration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "lastUpdated" fragment of a group is updated correctly when a device is added upon registration
```

> title: "lastUpdated" fragment of a group is updated correctly when a device is added upon registration

Author: ```suggestion
title: lastUpdated fragment of a group is updated correctly when a device is added upon registration
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-OG_650_b2
    label: Core platform
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-55525
version: 10.20.559.0
---

> Device registration request can contain group that the device will be assigned to on successful registration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The device registration request now contains the group, that the device will be assigned to once the registration is successful.
```

Author: I will commit that, but I will remove "now" because that is the feature that already exists

> The device registration request contains the group, that the device will be assigned to once the registration is successful.

Reviewer 2: Please add previous status.

Author: What status? You mean how it worked previously? There was a bug and "lastUpdated" was not updated on adding device.

Author: Beate has improved description

> The device registration request contains the group, that the device will be assigned to once the registration is successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each device registration request includes information on the group that the device will be assigned to once the registration is successful.
```

> The device registration request now contains the group, that the device will be assigned to once the registration is successful.

Author: ```suggestion
The device registration request contains the group, that the device will be assigned to once the registration is successful.
```

> Group's "lastUpdated" fragment is now updated to current date when device is sucesfully added.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Group's "lastUpdated" fragment is now updated to current date when device is successfully added.
```

> Group's "lastUpdated" fragment is now updated to current date when device is successfully added.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The group's "lastUpdated" fragment is now updated to show the current date when device is added successfully.
```

> The group's "lastUpdated" fragment is now updated to show the current date when device is added successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the group's "lastUpdated" fragment was not updated correctly. With this change, the "lastUpdated" fragment is updated to show the current date when the new device has been added successfully.
```
